README.md, before:

# FORM + CODE

![Algorithmic Composition Art](images/art.png)

In this assignment I experimented with algorithmic composition using the web's [Canvas API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API) (for creating interactive and generative 2D drawings) via the [p5.js](https://p5js.org/) library. The goal was to create an algorithmic (visual) composition where the same code produces slightly different visual outputs each time it's run (ie. each time we refresh the page and/or as we interact with it).

My design was based on a small project I did a few years ago in which I made [Code Spirals](https://www.instructables.com/id/Easy-Designs-Turtle-Graphics-Python/) in Python using the [Turtle Graphics](https://docs.python.org/3.3/library/turtle.html?highlight=turtle) library. In doing so, I give the user multiples options (or modes) which can be changed by editing the .js file. These modes include spiral effect (with a color gradient, random colors, or black & white version) and pyramid/tunnel effect (with similar versions). Additionally, there is a "mousemode" in which the user can control where the compositions are created with their mouse. Lastly, the user can change the rotation speed (for the spiral effect) and the spacing between squares/lines which are used to create each algorithm.

Commit message:

Added user prompting
Allows user to choose mode in the html page without having to download and edit the js file. Default values and error checking also implemented

README.md, after:

# FORM + CODE

![Algorithmic Composition Art](images/art.png)

In this assignment I experimented with algorithmic composition using the web's [Canvas API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API) (for creating interactive and generative 2D drawings) via the [p5.js](https://p5js.org/) library. The goal was to create an algorithmic (visual) composition where the same code produces slightly different visual outputs each time it's run (ie. each time we refresh the page and/or as we interact with it).

My design was based on a small project I did a few years ago in which I made [Code Spirals](https://www.instructables.com/id/Easy-Designs-Turtle-Graphics-Python/) in Python using the [Turtle Graphics](https://docs.python.org/3.3/library/turtle.html?highlight=turtle) library. In doing so, I give the user multiples options (or modes) to choose from which are prompted upon loading the page. These modes include spiral effect (with a color gradient, random colors, or black & white version) and pyramid/tunnel effect (with similar versions). Additionally, there is a "mousemode" in which the user can control where the compositions are created with their mouse. Lastly, the user can change the rotation speed (for the spiral effect) and the spacing between squares/lines which are used to create each algorithm (speed of program). 

This website can be accessed at https://nigereepps.github.io/form-code/

![Algorithmic Composition Art](images/art2.png)
